Before that, tell the emperor first
Let this little person like you be a blessing.
But your good days are coming to an end.
For inter-center enterprises, I will charge the price
If the big shot invades blue, you will get red stone and precious silver.
At least the three northern provinces. And those of me who are big on noodles,
It’s not up to me to lose its use value,
Don't bother anyone.
You actually pretended to be a big shot,
You are here now, I choose to be the big shot,
Seeing that you once worked for him and changed your mind,
Then if you don't die, they will say something to them,
You believe it, and I don’t believe it either.
is their character
No need to replace
I don't know where you got the news from
I don’t dare to send information either
That's for you to take care of
Don't even think about paying me thirty
don't ask me to give you
Don't want to make promises
Then this is what I want to hear
It's too expensive to take care of my family and you'll kill me
This is me trying to figure it out, right?
If a girl
Protect you at home
Correct the foreign language
It's also possible
You take care of him
There is also a care
If you don’t learn it, he is just one
The opponent Xiaohou who has no strength is
The company will do it personally
Cost a century
Wujin was even invaded by big shots
Like the sun
another phone number
Our cost value
I hope to enjoy